whitelist->allow-list, blacklist->deny-list (#3778)
projectcalico/calico: security/kubernetes-nodes.md

First, let's restrict ingress traffic to the master nodes. The ingress policy below contains three rules.
The first rule allows access to the API server port from anywhere. The second rule allows all traffic to localhost, which
allows Kubernetes to access control plane processes. These control plane processes includes the etcd server client API, the scheduler, and the controller-manager.

> This rule also allow-lists localhost access to the kubelet API and calico/node health checks.

Author: ```suggestion
This rule also allows localhost access to the kubelet API and calico/node health checks.
```
